readme.md, before:

# Eneza API

## Setup Instructions

### Install xampp
Visit https://www.apachefriends.org/index.html and download the version of xampp corresponding to your operating system.
The supported PHP version for running this project is 7.2.6.

### Setup the database
Launch xampp and start MySQL and PHP. Create a database 'homestead' @ localhost. Create a user 'homestead' with password 'secret' and grant all rights on the 'homestead' to it. Enter the root of the project the directory and run 'php artisan migrate'.

### Seed the database with the following in this order
- php artisan db:seed --class=CoursesTableSeeder
- php artisan db:seed --class=SubjectsTableSeeder
- php artisan db:seed --class=QuizsTableSeeder
- php artisan db:seed --class=TutorialsTableSeeder

### Test the 'courses' endpoint
Run 'php artisan serve' from the root of the project. Open your browser and visit http://localhost:8000/api/courses .


# Data Models and their corresponding fillable fields
- Course: name
- Subject: name, course_id
- Tutorial: body, subject_id
- Quiz: name, subject_id
- Question: body, correct, quiz_id
- Choice: body, choice_number, question_id

# URLs
- http://localhost:8000/api/courses
- http://localhost:8000/api/subjects
- http://localhost:8000/api/tutorials
- http://localhost:8000/api/questions
- http://localhost:8000/api/choices

Commit message:

added info on creating clients in readme

readme.md, after:

# Eneza API

## Setup Instructions

### Install MySQL and PHP
You can visit https://www.apachefriends.org/index.html and download the version of xampp corresponding to your operating system.
The supported PHP version for running this project is 7.2.6.

### Setup the database
Launch xampp and start MySQL and PHP. Create a database 'homestead' @ localhost. Create a user 'homestead' with password 'secret' and grant all rights on the 'homestead' to it. Enter the root of the project the directory and run 'php artisan migrate'.

### Seed the database with the following in this order
- php artisan db:seed --class=CoursesTableSeeder
- php artisan db:seed --class=SubjectsTableSeeder
- php artisan db:seed --class=QuizsTableSeeder
- php artisan db:seed --class=TutorialsTableSeeder

### Test the 'courses' endpoint
Run 'php artisan serve' from the root of the project. Open your browser and visit http://localhost:8000/api/courses .

# Getting Credentials
Visit http://localhost:8000/ and click on Register at the top right corner of the page. After registering you will automatically be logged in and be able to manage your OAuth clients which you can use in your own applications

# Data Models and their corresponding fillable fields
- Course: name
- Subject: name, course_id
- Tutorial: body, subject_id
- Quiz: name, subject_id
- Question: body, correct, quiz_id
- Choice: body, choice_number, question_id

# URLs
- http://localhost:8000/api/courses
- http://localhost:8000/api/subjects
- http://localhost:8000/api/tutorials
- http://localhost:8000/api/questions
- http://localhost:8000/api/choices
